other defense today we wanna share
something really really special I do
this is did this I'm afraid some of you
must have come back
Jiki is Rakosi to China RC car the most
amazing thing about this parts that each
is a cyclone Andrew that you can easily
control it of the phone you see that
right here it uses simple
Wiley's control app and it's very easy
for you dobry so the first thing you
should do is the download app from Apple
Store and install it into iPhone or
Android
so before you play with the first I'll
play this part please make sure to click
card and an iPhone are simply connected
to Wi-Fi this stars are connected
through Wi-Fi and they use iPhone a
packet so next I'm going to show you how
to connect them to the right back oh
well let's come back to that and I'm
gonna show you how to control camera on
the car you see four buttons right here
the one at the bottom
that's it and you turn off the camera on
the top press it and you open the camera
and the Tibetans and the left and right
therefore adjusting the camera angle
lower
Laura and haha just so simple well if
you don't like puff screen you can press
this button tap for string yeah this
one's just for your reference and the
two buttons and the left corner this one
is for taking pictures and click again
to stop it and the well exit is for
shooting videos click the stars are next
come to the app another and under
introduced we found out the other
buttons are easy better balance both
parallel and therefore controlling the
direction
well I think that's off let's go oh but
wait now just one more thing after
playing this Cup
please make sure that you keep it away
where the kids cannot reach in case that
the kids miss well some tiny components
it's dangerous
safety comes first image so after my
production passing you guys have more or
less knowledge forest garden so either
interested in easy start don't handle it
come to be XCOM against men are waiting
for you bye